Shen shut off his alarm as he rose out of bed , he let out a yawn as he walked to through his small apartment bedroom to the bathroom . He showered , dressed himself , and ate breakfast . Completing this he knelt down in his simple living room and meditated for half an hour .  " Shen said to himself as he let out a deep breath  " ready for my first day at League High . Just then Shen heard a knock at the door .  " Shen , it's Akali , she stated through the door . Shen opened up the door and greeted her .  " morning Akali .  " morning Shen , she said with a smile .  " you sleep well ?  " I did , thanks for asking , so you're going to show me to the school then ?  " Seeing as how you're one of the last champions to start attending League High , I'd hate for you to show up late on your first day , besides it's what friends are for ! stated Akali cheerfully . She was right , Shen and Akali had been friends since childhood and had been trough everything together , even the death of Shen's father . Akali and her family helped him get on his feet after that ordeal and helped him find and pay for the apartment he was currently living in . She was a true friend .  " Akali , I really appreciate it . said Shen with a slight bow .  " need to thank me , now lets go , we don't want to be late ! Akali grabbed Shen by the arm and led him through the town to the high school . When they arrived the first bell had rang announcing the start of the school year . Shen looked around at the illustrious campus of the high school , it was impressive to behold . Not only that but there were plenty of students there pouring into the main entrance . As the students were walking in , a voice came over the intercom .  " students ! Welcome to another year at League High . This is the head principle Zilean speaking , have a good day and a wonderful school year ! Shen and Akali then walked through the main entrance where they were given locker assignments by some summoners at the main service hub . They were given lockers near each other .  " yelled Akali with excitement  " practically next to each others lockers , let's go find them !  " good . said Shen .  " so lockers C - and C - so that's on C hall , it's about halfway through the school . Follow me Shen . As they walked through the school , Shen was receiving varying degrees of strange looks from the other students . One girl with fox ears and a curvacious walked over to him and introduced herself with a smile .  " there tall , dark , and mysteriously handsome " said the fox girl lustfully  " haven't seen you before , why don't you let me take a look under that mask ? I want to see the face of such a . man . Shen took a few steps towards Shen reaching for his mask . Shen was surprised that such a beautiful girl had taken interest in him , he didn't know what to say and began to sweat nervously .  " Shen said nervously . He was struggling to find what to say to such a beautiful girl . He kept trying to not stare at the fox girl's cleavage . It was a good thing she couldn't see him blushing underneath his mask .  " hi there . Don't know what to say cutie ? How about you tell me your name for starters ? My name is Ahri .  " hello , my name is Shen , I'm new here .  " hi there Shen , said Ahri as she batted her eyes  " look like a very strong an handsome man who needs some fun with a beautiful girl like me . What do you say ? Shen was utterly surprised by such a forward statement , he had no clue what to say . Just then Akali , who had kept walking ahead an completely oblivious to what was going on behind her , finally noticed Shen was missing . She turned around to see Ahri handing Shen a piece of paper , whisper into his ear , and walk away . Akali became very red in the face , both from anger and jealousy . She stormed over to the still stunned Shen who was starring blankly ahead , trying to process what happened .  " What did that girl have to say to you ? Akali demanded .  " Uhhhh , well . was just being friendly and saying hi since I'm new to the school . Shen could tell Akali was jealous of another girl talking to him , he didn't tell her everything so she wouldn't get mad , but he didn't lie so there was no harm in that right ? What Ahri handed him on that piece of paper was her phone number , she wanted him to call in case he was  " and wanted to have some fun " if he had told Akali that she might just have killed him . It was better to keep that a secret . Sigh  " alright , but I would keep my distance from her if I were you , something about her doesn't seem right . Anyways let's get to homeroom class , I'll show you there since we have the same one after we stop by our lockers . So Shen and Akali stopped by their lockers and then headed off to class . They made it to class with ample time to spare but many of the other student were already in their seats talking to each other or doing various other things , but when Shen and Akali opened the door there was a small group of female champions near the front who gave Shen the same looks that Ahri had given him . One was a girl who had short white hair and white markings on her face , another with short black hair and red highlights , and the last one had long black hair in a pony tail and red glasses . Shen and Akali took their seats at the front near the windows . As Shen looked outside he had good thoughts for the school year and what things he'd be able to accomplish , he really wanted to strive and prove himself as a competent champion . Before he could finish daydreaming the bell rang and the teacher opened the door . Shen looked to see who it was , he was a man with purple skin , tattoos and a black goatee .  " morning class , welcome to the new school year , I am Professor Ryze and I will be your homeroom teacher . I looked over the roster and see plenty of familiar names , but we do have one student who is new to our school . Please give him a warm welcome , Mr . Shen please introduce yourself to the class , the professor cackled .  " my name is Shen , he said as he stood up and bowed to the class  " nice to meet you all , please have a wonderful school year .  " you Mr . Shen , now onto the class ! LATER  " what did you think of your first class ? questioned Akali as she and Shen walked out of the classroom .  " was nice , I really enjoyed it .  " great to hear Shen ! I'm glad you like it so far , said Akali with a smile .  " so what class do you have next ? I've got gym with Coach Lee Sin .  " have gym as well , but here at League High gym class is separated by sex , so we wont be in the same gymnasium .  " alright , well I'll see you after gym then . Later !  " waved Akali as she and Shen parted ways . Outwardly , Akali seemed to be cheerful , but on the inside she was tormented , she didn't wan to see Shen go . She wanted to stay with him and tell him how she really felt about him , that she was jealous of Ahri talking to him and she wanted Shen all to herself . She loved him . Shen walked towards the boy's gymnasium , as he was walking he passed by another group of people and accidentally bumped into a large black haired boy with a heavy build .  " excuse me , I didn't mean to bumped into you , said Shen as he continued to walk on . The large boy turned and grabbed Shen on the shoulder , stopping him .  " Do you know who you just bumped into ? Darius ! The star of the school's football and basketball team ! You'd better give a better apology than that worm ! Shen turned around to Darius and what appeared to be his crew : a girl with red hair wearing a leather jacket , a half snake girl , a boy who was growing a mustache and looking at himself vainly in a mirror stroking is hair , and another boy with the lower part of his face covered with a scarf , a crow on his shoulder , and a cane . The boy with the cane spoke first .  " now , Darius , this guy looks new , it doesn't seem like he knows who you are , and he did apologize , he's just in a rush to get to class . Isn't that right ?  " yeah , spoke Shen  " new here and just trying to find my way around .  " Darius ? He didn't mean anything by it , why don't you let it slide ? conveyed the masked boy .  " alright I suppose , but don't let it happen again , growled Darius .  " now where are my manners ? Introductions ! My name is Swain , this guy here is Darius as you already know , the girl in the red hair is Katarina , and next to her is her sister , Cassiopeia . Then the guy with the mustache here is Darius' brother , Draven . It's nice to meet you . What is your name ?  " name is Shen , and it's a pleasure to meet all of you , said Shen with a slight bow .  " my , he's handsome and polite , so attractive , blushed Katarina as she gave Shen a wink . Shen thought it strange that all the girls at this school seem to have a thing for him , he barely even knew them after all . His thought's were cut short by Cassiopeia chiming in .  " he's got that mask on too , so very mysterious , whispered Cassiopeia audibly so that Shen could hear .  " um , like I said it was nice meeting you guys , but I have to get to gym class , I don't want to be late on my first day . Bye , said Shen in a nervous tone .  " worries we understand , goodbye , waved Swain . A few minutes later Shen found the boy's gymnasium . He opened the door and stepped in . 